Add inline documentation (#90)
nethesis/nethvoice-report: ui/src/doc-inline/en/data_summary_1_table_good.md

# Answered Calls

> *Answered* calls data for queues selected in
> set period, the data are grouped according to the choice made
> in the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Answered* calls for selected queues in the given period. Dara are grouped according to the chosen filter criteria.
```

*Answered* calls are calls answered by queue agents.

The items shown for *Answered* calls are:

- `Grouping Period`
- `Queue Number`
- `Queue Name`
- `Unique Callers`: total telephone numbers that have been answered
counted individually
- `Total Answered Calls`
- `Maximum, minimum, average wait`: before the answer
- `Maximum, minimum and average call duration`
- `Maximum queue entry position`
- `Average queue entry position`

If no queues have been selected, the data of all will be shown

> the queues available.

Reviewer: ??
